So in this course module, we had a look at the core features of responsive design
and as I mentioned at the beginning, you can and should dive much deeper.
It's not the focus of this course,
therefore the basics covered
here are all we need.
The course project is very responsive,
so we've got something to work with which just works.
Definitely spend the time in dedicated courses to make sure you get responsive design set and use
all the tools and features you can use when it comes to optimizing your layout, your images and so on.
And with that let's move on and
let's go back into the technical area of progressive web apps and let's see which features we can add
to our application.